refactor(curriculum): expand split, reverse and join method lessons for date formatter project (#54256)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/6607343c7909e562a2e3d94c.md

Reviewer: What do you think about making the example sentence `selur pmaCedoCeerf`? After using all the methods, it should become `freeCodeCamp rules`.

This would make it look more appealing to campers.

Author: sure, we can update it 👍

---
id: 6607343c7909e562a2e3d94c
title: Step 18
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

To format the date into `yyyy-mm-dd`, you will need to use the <dfn>split</dfn>, <dfn>reverse</dfn>, and <dfn>join</dfn> methods. But first, you will need to go through a few practice examples so you can better understand how to use them in the context of this project.

> The `split()` method is used to take a string and return a new array of substrings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `split()` method is used to split a string into substrings based on a separator passed into it. The resulting substrings are then returned as elements of an array.
```
